Project Requirements

Make sure you have made the corrections from instructor feedback to your Module 3 Project.

You will utilize and modify your module 3 for module 4 Mastery Assessment Project. Make sure you read the entire project
 requirements just in case you missed something from the last Module.

Make a copy of your module 3 project folder and duplicate it renaming the folder as module 4 Project.

In your gallery.html code, make sure you wrapped all of your images with a div element appropriately.
Wrap all 6 divs containers with one div parent element container. 
Apply an ID to the parent div element with the name "pictures".
For each sibling div container, apply a class name "col", this will be applied to each of the six div containers.

Make the changes to your resume.html
You created a Resume in M4 L2.2: Resume Project Activity.
Replace the coming soon content with the body content from that activity into your resume. Your style and navigation should stay 
the same.
Do not copy any of the styles used in that practice activity.

You can either continue using the two Google Fonts used in module 3 or you can replace them but you still need to utilize at least
 two Google Fonts.

In your styles.css file, make the changes listed below. Some items will have you change existing selectors and properties, while
 other items will have you add new selectors and properties.  When working with an exisiting selector, be sure to keep the previous 
properties and add the new ones provided as well.

Replace the body selector with an independent class named body_content.  Apply the body_content class to each webpage. 
Align left and right margins to auto
Add a 2 px border and a border style.  Ensure that the border is displaying around the body on each page.

P declarations (You can use either dependent classes or independent classes with your own class names.)

Replace the header selector with a dependent class.  Create your own appropriate class name
Add a border (choose the style you prefer)
Add a border color
Add a border thickness

For the level one heading
Use a dependent class for your heading, and come up with your own class name

For hyperlinks located inside the <nav> section:
Set border to none
Set padding to 15 pixels top and bottom and 32 pixels left and right

For list items located inside the <nav> section:
Set display to inline-block  (Note: Assuming your nav section has the HTML structure specified in this and previous mastery 
assessments, this change should arrange the navigation links horizontally.)

For the ID #pictures (You should have applied this ID to a <div> in gallery.html)
Set the padding, margins, and borders to none or equivalent to zero.

For the "col" class
Change background-color
Set width to 32%
Set margins to auto
Set overflow to hidden

For lists
Give unordered lists a nice bullet that is appropriate for the design of the page (you can use a custom bullet image or a standard 
bullet type in CSS.  Don’t use the default bullets.)

For the resume page
Set styles and rules to style the page to match the color theme and look of your project to be consistent with the new page.

There are approximately 34 CSS properties you learned in module 3 and module 4 (not counting pseudo-classes and pseudo-elements), 
you must ensure you have utilized at least 25 of these properties in your CSS document.

In addition to the pseudo-classes used with the hyperlinks, use 2 additional pseudo-classes and one of the pseudo-elements in our 
CSS document. (Use the additional resources link found in module 4)

Make sure you use the validator and add as many comments for documentation.

Upload your files using Google drive and follow the 
same naming conventions as module 1. Upload your URL for the Mastery Assessment Submission. Make sure you set the permissions to 
“Anyone with the link"